1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics
    2. What is HTML used for? It allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, links, and blockquotes for web pages and applications.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide additional information about an element put after an a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is the First and Biggest Heading tag and only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? a tag or img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?  ID can only be used once in any document.
    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? There is no technical limit 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? a href=
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? <h1 id="myHeader"> for example
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? he section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for?  CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page .h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. id="top"(example) class="section"(example)
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? If class="hello" then you would select it .hello{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class="human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? We can use Selectors called Pseudo Classes
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? div.a {
  line-height: normal;
}
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? h1 {
  letter-spacing: 3px;
}
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? lowercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text lowercase.
uppercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text uppercase or ALL CAPS.
capitalize: capitalizes the first letter of each word in the selected text.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?p.dotted {outline-style: dotted;}
p.dashed {outline-style: dashed;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? $ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? $rm -rf....once something is deleted its gone no coming back
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control systems are a category of software tools that help a software team manage changes to source code over time.
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as you want on your own work.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin
